Prep for v1.8.0 (#760)
odow/SDDP.jl: docs/src/changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v1.8.0 (July 24, 2024)

### Added

 - Added `SDDP.Threaded()`, which is an experimental parallel scheme that
   supports solving problems using multiple threads. Some parts of SDDP.jl may

>    not be threadsafe, and this can cause incorrect results, segfaults, or other

Author: ```suggestion
   not be thread-safe, and this can cause incorrect results, segfaults, or other
```
